[MV-138] [MV-170] Add simulcast and max bandwidth API (#14)
membraneframework/react-native-membrane-webrtc: README.md

- `participantId: string` -- id of the participant which you want to render.
- `videoLayout: VideoLayout` -- `FILL` or `FIT` - it works just like RN `Image` component. `FILL` fills the whole view with video and it may cut some parts of the video. `FIT` scales the video so the whole video is visible, but it may leave some empty space in the view. Default: `FILL`.

## `useSimulcast()`

This hook manages the simulcast configuration of a video track.

### Returns

An object containing:

- `simulcastConfig` - current [SimulcastConfig](#SimulcastConfig) of a video track

> - `selectReceivedTrackTargetEncoding(peerId: string, encoding: TrackEncoding)` - selects track encoding that server should send to the client library. The encoding will be sent whenever it is available. If choosen encoding is temporarily unavailable, some other encoding will be sent until choosen encoding becomes active again. Arguments:

Reviewer: I think that in other SDKs we have 

```suggestion
- `setTargetTrackEncoding(trackId: string, encoding: TrackEncoding)` - sets track encoding that server should send to the client library. The encoding will be sent whenever it is available. If choosen encoding is temporarily unavailable, some other encoding will be sent until choosen encoding becomes active again. Arguments:
```
